hello welcome to another in sympathy
technical video series today we're going
to talk about energy up solid-state
batteries in bare die form now sympathy
Burkitt's the internship using
semiconductor processes on silicon
wafers so essentially you standard semi
conductor processes to build the
internship you can see on this wafer we
have 50 micro amp hour energy ups each
of these little squares here is an
internship of battery we use standard
dicing and grinding techniques to create
bare die now these devices can be used
as bare die or we also package them of
course in the energy packages available
at distributors around the world but
today we're going to focus on using
simba tenor chips in their bare die form
for what we call embedded energy
applications are actually taking the
bare die and placing it directly into
other ICS or other devices directly now
we build the 50 micro amp hour devices
this wafer has the standard 12 micro amp
power device on it we also build
standard product as five so these are
five my crap obviously they're getting
very tiny very small all these devices
are available for instance at Mike Ross
who specialize in bare die distribution
and device fabrication now we even take
the devices down to one microwave power
they're very tiny and I want to show you
how we use that in a very interesting
device done by the University of
Michigan it's an intraocular pressure
sensor and that's up on Simba com if you
go over to our design center page under
the wireless tab you can see this device
but let's examine it further so we can
see how the simba Dennard ship is
actually embedded in this device this is
a diagram of the inter ocular pressure
sensor done by the group at the
University of Michigan you can see the
link to the white paper on sympa com
this is a four layer device the first
layer is a MEMS pressure sensor and then
on top of that is a 1 micro amp power
enter chip bare die uses wire bond
attached to power the microprocessor and
a daddy converter that's on the layer of
and the top layer is a very small solar
cell in a wireless transceiver this
device is powered using light and the
internship rechargeable solid-state
battery stores the energy for when
lights unavailable the entire device is
powered by the energy and the
connections are wire bonded as we'll see
in a minute there are other options for
connecting Baird I enter chips as well
the whole device fits in the eye
measures the pressure and reports it out
to a wand that the patient holds up in
front of the item measure pressure in
the eyeball
here we see one of the interac your
pressure sensor devices under a
microscope and this configuration the
enter chip is actually in the second
layer and you can see the two terminals
the plus and minus sort of peeking out
underneath the first layer you can see
the wire bond attached to the die pads
on the enter chip there on the right and
you can see the wire bonds is they jump
from layer to layer this is known as
essentially a wedding cake configuration
now we can take a closer look at the
energy in this photo we've increased the
magnification and reorient to the device
to be able to look at the energy Baird I
wire bond pads you can see the two wires
coming from the plus and minus terminals
wired up to the device above and power
is distributed throughout the entire
device from that layer so you can see
we're using standard semiconductor die
attach techniques in this inter ocular
pressure sensor
energy chip Baird I can be attached in
multiple ways down on the lower left
hand corner of this slide we see the 3d
stacking option that was used in the
inter ocular pressure sensor they can
also be placed side-by-side as they are
in the energy up CBC 3105 shown in the
slide above you can also use solder
bumps and a flip chip technique and
attach them to a substrate that way or
you can combine the techniques use wire
bond and solder bumps in the same
package in a system-on-chip this photo
shows an innovative way to stack devices
using different-size solder bumps the
energy is the larger layer above using
larger solder bumps that sits over the
top of a smaller application-specific
integrated circuit that uses tiny solder
bumps in this fashion you can leverage
your real estate by using a stacking
technique and create very small devices
to summarize today's session we've
learned that you can use energy bear die
in different configurations doing wire
bond attached or solder bump attached
you're now able to put energy storage
directly into integrated small devices
where legacy batteries and super caps
cannot go if you go to simba calm under
the products page here you can see we
have embedded Energy Information both
white papers as well as additional data
sheets we can find additional
information on bringing enter chips into
your products now most products that use
an embedded enter chip is a new
innovative product and may need some
design assistance we're happy to do that
please contact us through simba com or
call us directly concerning you new
project needs we look forward to adding
energy ups energy storage to your new
project thanks